LICENSE
README.md
setup.py
iinfer/__init__.py
iinfer/__main__.py
iinfer/config.yml
iinfer/logconf_client.yml
iinfer/logconf_gui.yml
iinfer/logconf_install.yml
iinfer/logconf_postprocess.yml
iinfer/logconf_redis.yml
iinfer/logconf_server.yml
iinfer/version.py
iinfer.egg-info/PKG-INFO
iinfer.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
iinfer.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
iinfer.egg-info/entry_points.txt
iinfer.egg-info/requires.txt
iinfer.egg-info/top_level.txt
iinfer/app/__init__.py
iinfer/app/app.py
iinfer/app/client.py
iinfer/app/common.py
iinfer/app/gui.py
iinfer/app/injection.py
iinfer/app/install.py
iinfer/app/postprocess.py
iinfer/app/predict.py
iinfer/app/redis.py
iinfer/app/server.py
iinfer/app/commons/convert.py
iinfer/app/commons/module.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_csv_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_det_filter_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_det_jadge_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_http_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_seg_bbox_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/before_grayimg_injection.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/cls_jadge.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/csv.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_clip.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_face_store.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_filter.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_jadge.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/httpreq.py
iinfer/app/predicts/__init__.py
iinfer/app/predicts/insightface_det.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmdet_det_YoloX.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmdet_det_YoloX_Lite.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmpretrain_cls_swin.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmpretrain_cls_swin_Lite.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmrotate_det_ReDet.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmseg_seg_PSPNet.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmseg_seg_SwinUpernet.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_cls_EfficientNet_Lite4.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_TinyYoloV3.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_YoloV3.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_YoloX.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_YoloX_Lite.py
iinfer/datasets/label_coco.txt
iinfer/datasets/label_voc.txt
iinfer/docker/Dockerfile
iinfer/docker/__init__.py
iinfer/docker/build.sh
iinfer/docker/docker-compose.yml
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_csv_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_det_filter_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_det_jadge_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_http_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_seg_bbox_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/before_gray_injection.json
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Babel.2.14.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Eel.0.16.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Jinja2.3.1.3(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.MarkupSafe.2.1.5(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.PyYAML.6.0.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Pygments.2.17.2(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Sphinx.7.2.6(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.alabaster.0.7.16(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.argcomplete.3.2.2(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.bottle-websocket.0.2.9(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.bottle.0.12.25(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.certifi.2024.2.2(Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.cffi.1.16.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.charset-normalizer.3.3.2(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.colorama.0.4.6(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.contourpy.1.2.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.cycler.0.12.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.docutils.0.20.1(BSD License; GNU General Public License (GPL); Public Domain; Python Software Foundation License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.filterpy.1.4.5(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.fonttools.4.49.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.future.0.18.3(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.gevent-websocket.0.10.1(Copyright 2011-2017 Jeffrey Gelens jeffrey@noppo.pro).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.gevent.24.2.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.greenlet.3.0.3(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.idna.3.6(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.imagesize.1.4.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.importlib-metadata.7.0.1(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.iniconfig.2.0.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.jaraco.classes.3.3.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.keyring.24.3.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.kiwisolver.1.4.5(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.markdown-it-py.3.0.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.matplotlib.3.8.3(Python Software Foundation License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.mdurl.0.1.2(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.more-itertools.10.2.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.motpy.0.0.10(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.nh3.0.2.15(MIT).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.numpy.1.26.4(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.opencv-python.4.9.0.80(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.packaging.23.2(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pillow.10.2.0(Historical Permission Notice and Disclaimer (HPND)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pip.24.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pkginfo.1.9.6(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pluggy.1.4.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.prettytable.3.9.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pycparser.2.21(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pyparsing.3.1.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pytest-order.1.2.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pytest.8.0.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.python-dateutil.2.8.2(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pywin32-ctypes.0.2.2(BSD-3-Clause).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.readme-renderer.42.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.redis.5.0.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.requests-toolbelt.1.0.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.requests.2.31.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.rfc3986.2.0.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.rich.13.7.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.scipy.1.12.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.setuptools.65.5.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.six.1.16.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.snowballstemmer.2.2.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx-rtd-theme.2.0.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx_fontawesome.0.0.6(GNU General Public License v2 (GPLv2)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-applehelp.1.0.8(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-devhelp.1.0.6(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp.2.0.5(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-jquery.4.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-jsmath.1.0.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-qthelp.1.0.7(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml.1.1.10(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.tabulate.0.9.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.twine.5.0.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.urllib3.2.2.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.wcwidth.0.2.13(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.wheel.0.42.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.whichcraft.0.6.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.zipp.3.17.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.zope.event.5.0(Zope Public License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.zope.interface.6.2(Zope Public License).txt
iinfer/licenses/files.txt
iinfer/web/main.html
iinfer/web/assets/bootstrap/bootstrap.bundle.min.5.0.2.js
iinfer/web/assets/bootstrap/bootstrap.bundle.min.5.3.0.js
iinfer/web/assets/bootstrap/bootstrap.min.5.0.2.css
iinfer/web/assets/bootstrap/bootstrap.min.5.3.0.css
iinfer/web/assets/jquery/jquery.min.3.2.0.js
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-resizable/jquery-resizable.min.js
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/AUTHORS.txt
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/LICENSE.txt
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.min.css
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.min.js
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.structure.min.css
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.theme.min.css
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/package.json
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_444444_256x240.png
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_555555_256x240.png
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_777620_256x240.png
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_777777_256x240.png
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_cc0000_256x240.png
iinfer/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.png
iinfer/web/assets/lightbox2/css/lightbox.min.css
iinfer/web/assets/lightbox2/images/close.png
iinfer/web/assets/lightbox2/images/loading.gif
iinfer/web/assets/lightbox2/images/next.png
iinfer/web/assets/lightbox2/images/prev.png
iinfer/web/assets/lightbox2/js/lightbox.min.js
iinfer/web/assets/tree-menu/css/tree-menu.css
iinfer/web/assets/tree-menu/image/file.png
iinfer/web/assets/tree-menu/image/folder-close.png
iinfer/web/assets/tree-menu/image/folder-open.png
iinfer/web/assets/tree-menu/js/tree-menu.js